[KB-264] Rewrite GBR (#171)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/background.tex

However, it often achieves better generalization performance, especially in high-dimensional or noisy datasets.

\subsubsection{Gradient Boosting Regression (GBR)}\label{sec:gradientboost}

> Continuing with the discussion of ensemble learning models, we introduce \gls{gbr} based on Chapter 10.10 of \citet{hastie_elements}.

Reviewer: I might be wrong, but isnt it typical to include the relevant pages in the cite? Meaning, we add these pages in the references, rather than specifying them in the text?

> Gradient Boosting is a powerful machine learning technique used for regression and classification tasks.
> The core idea is to build a model from weak learners, typically decision trees, in a sequential manner.
> Each subsequent model aims to correct the errors of its predecessor, resulting in a strong predictive model.
> 
> \gls{gbr} is a specific implementation of gradient boosting for regression tasks.
> \gls{gbr} builds a series of decision trees sequentially, where each tree tries to reduce the errors made by the previous one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradient Boosting is a powerful machine learning technique used for regression and classification tasks, that builds strong predictive models from a sequence of weaker ones, typically decision trees.
The core idea of this method lies in its sequential approach, where each tree is constructed to address and minimize the residuals or prediction errors of its predecessor.
Within this framework, \gls{gbr} applies this principle specifically to regression tasks, strategically refining each subsequent model to enhance overall accuracy.
```

My goal with this suggestion is to avoid a bit of the repetition related to "correcting the errors of the previous one". 
What do you think about this idea? I thought, since gbr builds on this concept, this might provide a better flow.

However, it often achieves better generalization performance, especially in high-dimensional or noisy datasets.

\subsubsection{Gradient Boosting Regression (GBR)}\label{sec:gradientboost}

> The following is an overview of the \gls{gbr} algorithm based on \citet{zemel_gbr}.

Reviewer 2: This cite doesn't have anything to do with us nor the equations we present in this section.

It's important that, if we cite something, that we _actually_ used that paper. The equations we have here are not found in that paper. Can't add a paper retrospectively.
